# Predictive-Modelling-using-Logistic-Regressions-Kaggle-Survey-
Data Science is a rapidly growing field as businesses today are faced with the common challenge of extracting data from their information systems to develop richer insights and fuel smart business decisions. According to Van der Aalst W. (2016), the majority of data is stored in large quantities (i.e. big data) which is in the unstructured form. Furthermore, businesses which can successfully align their data and information systems to their business processes will remain competitively positioned in the growing digital economy. McKinsey predicts there will be a talent shortage in the future for data scientists and organizations must quickly adapt to ensure human capital is a priority to attract and retain the best (Hancock & Schaninger, 2019). This report aims to analyze a variety of features about data scientists and develop a supervised machine learning model to predict the probability a respondent would fall into a particular salary bracket given a set of features. The results extracted from this report would be useful both for the data scientists and for the companies looking to attract and retain top talent starting with providing appropriate compensation.

The data for this report came from Kaggle's third annual Machine Learning and Data Science Survey. In total the survey consists of 19,717 responses from 171 countries and territories. For more information about the survey and on the sampling and data collection please click check out the Kaggle Competition.
